hey this is Dave Ackerman and these are
tips on how to be funny tip 88
I know a lot of you are asking our in
relationships with men or women and
you're in relationships and sometimes
these relationships have to come to an
end
a good way to break up with somebody
your boyfriend or your girlfriend or
your wife and you just say um you were a
bet what oh I mean you weren't a bet
there was a bet that I wouldn't get with
you and you know clearly i won that bet
but hey you know I want to make this
right by you so let's split it 5050
here's two bucks and fifty cents that's
funny because you're saying it was a bet
that I got with you but not only was it
a bet it was a really cheap bed it's
just five bucks my friend bought me five
bucks that I couldn't get with you
and also just say this right after you
make out with somebody
like make out with them and then like or
in the morning you say hey um they're
like are you gonna call me you say uh
look um this was a bet what but you said
you were a viewer bet where this was a
bed what do you mean um it's really
stupid and my friend bet me that I
couldn't get with you and now I have and
you know it was stupid so I want to make
it right by you so I'm gonna split the
winnings with you 5050 takes two to
tango here here's two bucks but you know
what you deserve more than that here's
here's three bucks i'll take the two you
take the bigger half because I'm a good
guy
that's how you get that's another way
you can break up with somebody you say
it's a bed let me know in the comments
how this works out for you and subscribe
to my channel for more tips on how to be
funny you can even just try this with
somebody don't want to break up with
just to see what they do I mean I'm
going to try that
you